if you want cheap and reliable coins
check out cheap UT coins calm they now
have pre-loaded accounts for both
PlayStation and Xbox there'll be a link
in the description down below use fangs
for a 5% discount hey guys how's it
going it is fangs and welcome to another
challenge between me today nine skills
so you remember when he made me discard
a legend well we're doing about the same
thing today except for its 500k for each
goal he scores on me and he's not gonna
score any re skills girls talk a lot
what are you saying you're not gonna
score any on me now before we get
started here today if you guys want to
check out my controller plus sponsor I'm
used to things from 5% discount they do
Xbox Xbox one Xbox 360 Playstation 3
placement for all you can think of
custom controllers check them on the
scription down below skills last time on
my channel I beat the shit out of you so
are you gonna redeem yourself this time
bro why are you bringing up the past I'm
just saying you were having some
problems actually scoring goals on me
and it's kind of like you're right now
which I'm thinking that you're using
your lag switch again oh no black Messi
black Messi come on come on Jack oh my
god Jess you show up but you do some
shit like that good but I'm gonna take a
shot anyway oh my god none of them are
getting anywhere near the talking goal
doing it Daniel give me that shit oh
damn let's be patient just keep 24
minutes I just need oh oh
go one number one oh I can't believe you
just passed it right back to me what are
you doing what have you been doing right
now
I wanted to allow you people to see you
scored well see what happened is the
shirt that you have on I put some like
before you got since you I put some like
bad voodoo dust on it
so that anytime you're on my channel I
can beat you wait why did Messi stop
wide and Messi's maybe your menses hurt
too oh that's it oh man I got that you
got all mass I keep it much deeper you
know that's a glitch in the game excuse
me you're just running past the keepers
you know it's a glitch in the game you
know my keepers gonna be too slow D but
it shouldn't be not a glitch his name is
see you think it's a glitch patek look
kind of like that Eber goal from the
other day
oh my god I'm doing everything I'm doing
everything in my power I do everything
in my power to stop that that's bitchin
yeah brag you show up a black Messi you
think I'm not gonna drop him please do
this please what is wrong with my team
in the headers usually headers have been
working lately go don't worry today oh
my god I see something I see something
great I see greatness she's just gonna
run pass all my defenders but you're
messy I am messy all right let's just oh
shit I'll see great wow wow wow yo read
this read this game oh my god oh god I
didn't even mean for him to get that to
keep gonna just easily pick that up what
are you doing what's he doing
where's he going oh shit oh shit yeah
you have two shots on-target and two
goals like you're soaked wait does that
mean you have one shot on target and two
goals how is that even real wanna see
three shots three goals done
Messi let it fly off the back that's
that is the new skill movement FIFA off
the back pass back to your boy Aliyah
non-messy look at what I get my god boy
change serve that's you on a silver
platter
that's the colossal off of the goalies
cheston's look oh no I didn't touch the
keeper dance I can't believe that I can
oh
Hakuna Matata I don't know how to play
people
hey last weekend you embarrassed right
here on this channel but this week
what's he doing what's that you put the
point of him like he could have just
easily when and reached out for it
negative oh come on come on guys get in
there like it just keeps going back to
you're so lucky
bouncing bouncing bouncing everywhere
what does that keeper doing is he stupid
is he fucking stupid I should have never
changed my team this is the biggest
raping I've had an I'm allowing you to
go defensive you want to do no I'm not
going to fence it he's been freaking
practicing all week cuz he got raped and
this is I haven't I should have been
practicing I'm an idiot we talked about
that bag or Jess should never accept
this I shouldn't I don't know what it
like how much is messy I'm so I'm so
upset right now I'm so upset right now
yes just you gotta say you got it you
gotta say that I showed up this weekend
what I showed up you showed up against
somebody who's got bronchitis brah you
had you had a sickness last week you
walk yeah I was high I made it feel
better he pisses on the check this check
I can't even he was definitely not
offside I catch some losing 6-1 right
now like why are you playing matches I
should actually be in bed right now
instead of playing matches I'd say I'm
just so sick guys look at look at are
using excuses you're acting like a woman
it's true though
take it like a man it's true it's true
it's true sir oh my god no no no that's
one more that's that's three point five
hey Jess
I want you to know that me and you are
very good friends hi Kelly
that is not sound good you probably
should not say that rape you in the
video game luckily luckily I am only
gonna I'm gonna put this up to me being
very sick because I'm very sick right
now me too though I don't care how sick
you are you disbarred it's just been a
bad day guys it's been a bad day me
listen boys listen 7-1 she's sick she's
a good player fake cough that was a real
cop I swear to god it was real I had to
show up this week boys I had to
embarrass her because you remember last
weekend what'd you do to me Jess I
embarrassed you but that's just
ridiculous guys I'm so sorry I have not
lost my that much of my channel forever
I'm just not feeling well why should
apologize they're not gonna judge you
tell him tell him in the thing say
skills you're a terrible person for
taking advantage of this sick girl why
are you trying to put this on me he's
hitting me last weekend he's gonna be
really disappoint somebody that's worth
3.5 million coins so I'm gonna be
showing that to you guys after this I'm
gonna have to pick a player that's worth
that it's probably be some crazy
Informer man on the match card so yeah
thanks skills you're a real nice guy
your sick friend taking advantage of
them you're one of my besties if you
want to see what I made him discard go
check out him there'll be a link to him
in the description down below don't
forget to watch his matchup and don't
forget to subscribe that is gonna be it
for this video I can't take it I can't
even look at the score tomorrow yes
before we leave can you say something to
them what I announced that there was a
new champion there is a new champion me
I'll never let this happen again I
promise but until next time I'll see you
guys later